{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\fromtext \deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss Arial;}
{\f1\fmodern Courier New;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\uc1\pard\plain\deftab360 \f0\fs20 Boone,\par
\par
In Tennessee, as in most states, to enforce a noncompete agreement requires that there be consideration for the agreement. Noncompetes are completely common in this sort of situation - where a Partnership such as this is breaking up.  It is normal for the noncompete to have a specific time limit and restricted to a specific geographic region.  Noncompetes are complete common in this situation.  I don't think that this is a factor that has much, if any, leeway.\par
\par
As far as the valuation, I'll take a look at the numbers again and get consultation on it.  In the meantime, what do you feel is an appropriate price, and how would you justify that price?  While Sassy has shown an increase in profitability from the first year to the second, it is still a relatively new venture and its profitability as a business is somewhat uncertain in the future.  \par
\par
Gem \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
-----Original Message-----\par
From: Boone Radley - Law Pre-Trial Litigation\par
Sent: Tue 9/28/2010 10:14 PM\par
To: Gem Finch - Law Pre-Trial Litigation\par
Subject: RE: Partnership Dissolution Agreement - Please Read ASAP\par
 \par
I apologize for not seeing this sooner, but I cannot sign it in its present form. The non-compete is totally unacceptable, and I think the valuation is insultingly low. Please talk to Pickle and see if there is some way to resolve these issues.\par
\par
Boone\par
\par
\par
\par
-----Original Message-----\par
From: Gem Finch - Law Pre-Trial Litigation\par
Sent: Tue 9/28/2010 10:04 PM\par
To: Boone Radley - Law Pre-Trial Litigation\par
Subject: Partnership Dissolution Agreement - Please Read ASAP\par
 \par
Hey Boone,\par
\par
Have you read through the partnership dissolution agreement yet?  Please do so asap so we can get this going.  If you are fine with all the terms, you can sign it and send it back to me.  If you do that, I'll have Pickle sign it.  Then, I will give you both a copy of the signed agreement.\par
\par
Gem\par
\par
\par
\par
}