{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\fromtext \deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss Arial;}
{\f1\fmodern Courier New;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\uc1\pard\plain\deftab360 \f0\fs20 Boone,\par
\par
So, are you saying that you want to break up the partnership?  It sounds like you want out of Sassy Sentiments completely.  If that is the case and Pickle wants to keep the business, one option is that you can buy her out of her part of the partnership.  If we go through with that, we'll have to go through your financial records/documents and what the brand of Sassy Sentiments is worth overall and figure out what a fair price would be for your part of Sassy Sentiments.  There would be other options if neither of you wanted Sassy Sentiments to remain.\par
\par
How do you want to proceed from here? Do you want me to contact Pickle about this?  I can see if she is interested in buying out your portion of the Sassy Sentiments.  I can be a buffer between you two. \par
\par
This will all work out, Boone.  If your goal is to have Pickle buy out your portion of Sassy Sentiments, I can have this done quickly and efficiently.  \par
\par
Gem \par
\par
    \par
\par
   \par
\par
\par
-----Original Message-----\par
From: Boone Radley - Law Pre-Trial Litigation\par
Sent: Tue 9/21/2010 10:30 PM\par
To: Gem Finch - Law Pre-Trial Litigation\par
Subject: Me and Pickle\par
 \par
Gem,\par
\par
As I'm sure you've already heard, me and Pickle are basically finished. I've been trying to figure out a way to salvage our partnership but I honestly don't think it is possible at this point. I want to know what my options are for getting out of the business. Thank you for your help in this matter.\par
\par
Boone\par
\par
\par
}