Received: from kedge4.utk.tennessee.edu (160.36.179.113) by
 kch2.utk.tennessee.edu (160.36.76.206) with Microsoft SMTP Server (TLS) id
 14.1.255.0; Sat, 6 Nov 2010 17:08:41 -0400
Received: from relay-westlaw.westgroup.net (167.68.16.120) by
 kedge4.utk.tennessee.edu (160.36.179.113) with Microsoft SMTP Server (TLS) id
 14.1.255.0; Sat, 6 Nov 2010 17:08:34 -0400
Received: from ns0079-06.westlan.com (HELO ns0079-06) ([167.68.176.7])  by
 relay-westlaw.westgroup.net with ESMTP; 06 Nov 2010 15:08:39 -0600
Message-ID: <20101106160839.ia744a49a0000012c2304dbf5e1951ed7@ns0079-06>
Date: Sat, 6 Nov 2010 16:08:39 -0500
From: <westlaw@westlaw.com>
Reply-To: <west.support@thomsonreuters.com>
To: <booneradley@utk.edu>
Subject: This is important to read
Content-ID: 6619034
Content-Description: PRISM:PROD
Return-Path: westlaw@westlaw.com
X-MS-Exchange-Organization-Antispam-Report: v=1.1
 cv=nXZ+9dkqvHHMrEQSy/SwGXFJGdgpYpJw0RwcVuOHqmA= c=1 sm=1 a=ej4C8YMXHnUA:10
 a=H/EccPXUDcB/W/CtbPqnrw==:17 a=Gg6sqJXl_6SmhtbraZQA:9
 a=sNDgyszzzQUQQ0vinvYA:7 a=jLfUdyciY3zWLxNPvgRs1ShMB7AA:4 a=QEXdDO2ut3YA:10
 a=GvHoDWo2ovUA:10 a=xVfSSN3iqZ7BozST:21 a=VCoihxuKSJ4fBVGN:21
 a=H/EccPXUDcB/W/CtbPqnrw==:117;OrigIP:167.68.16.120;SCL:-1
X-MS-Exchange-Organization-AVStamp-Mailbox: MSFTFF;1;0;0 0 0
X-MS-Exchange-Organization-SCL: -1
X-MS-Exchange-Organization-AuthSource: kedge4.utk.tennessee.edu
X-MS-Exchange-Organization-AuthAs: Anonymous
X-MS-Exchange-Organization-Antispam-Report: MessageSecurityAntispamBypass
Status: RO
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/mixed;
	boundary="--boundary-LibPST-iamunique-1397609903_-_-"


----boundary-LibPST-iamunique-1397609903_-_-
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="windows-1252"


T. C. A. s 61-1-404                                   



C
West's Tennessee Code Annotated Currentness

 Title 61. Partnerships (Refs & Annos)

+      Chapter 1. Revised Uniform Partnership Act (Refs & Annos)

+       Part 4. Relations of Partners to Each Other and to Partnership

>>       s 61-1-404. General standards of partner's conduct


(a) The only fiduciary duties a partner owes to the partnership and the other
partners are the duty of loyalty and the duty of care set forth in subsections (b)
and (c).



(b) A partner's duty of loyalty to the partnership and the other partners is
limited to the following:


(1) To account to the partnership and hold as trustee for it any property, profit,
or benefit derived by the partner in the conduct and winding up of the partnership
business or derived from a use by the partner of partnership property, including
the appropriation of a partnership opportunity;


(2) To refrain from dealing with the partnership in the conduct or winding up of
the partnership business as or on behalf of a party having an interest adverse to
the partnership;  and


(3) To refrain from competing with the partnership in the conduct of the
partnership business before the dissolution of the partnership.


(c) A partner's duty of care to the partnership and the other partners in the
conduct and winding up of the partnership business is limited to refraining from
engaging in grossly negligent or reckless conduct, intentional misconduct, or a
knowing violation of law.


(d) A partner shall discharge the duties to the partnership and the other partners
under this act or under the partnership agreement and exercise any rights
consistently with the obligation of good faith and fair dealing.


(e) A partner does not violate a duty or obligation under this act or under the
partnership agreement merely because the partner's conduct furthers the partner's
own interest.


(f) A partner may lend money to and transact other business with the partnership,
and as to each loan or transaction the rights and obligations of the partner are
the same as those of a person who is not a partner, subject to other applicable
law.


(g) This section applies to a person winding up the partnership business as the
personal or legal representative of the last surviving partner as if the person
were a partner.



CREDIT(S)

2001 Pub.Acts, c. 353, eff. Jan. 1, 2002.


UNIFORM LAW COMMENT

1. Section 404 is new.  The title, "General Standards of Partner's Conduct," is
drawn from RMBCA Section 8.30.  Section 404 is both comprehensive and exclusive.
In that regard, it is structurally different from the UPA which touches only
sparingly on a partner's duty of loyalty and leaves any further development of the
fiduciary duties of partners to the common law of agency.  Compare UPA Sections
4(3) and 21.

Section 404 begins by stating that the only fiduciary duties a partner owes to the
partnership and the other partners are the duties of loyalty and care set forth in
subsections (b) and (c) of the Act.  Those duties may not be waived or eliminated
in the partnership agreement, but the agreement may identify activities and
determine standards for measuring performance of the duties, if not manifestly
unreasonable.  See Sections 103(b)(3)-(5).

Section 404 continues the term "fiduciary" from UPA Section 21, which is entitled
"Partner Accountable as a Fiduciary."  Arguably, the term "fiduciary" is
inappropriate when used to describe the duties of a partner because a partner may
legitimately pursue self-interest (see Section 404(e)) and not solely the interest
of the partnership and the other partners, as must a true trustee.  Nevertheless,
partners have long been characterized as fiduciaries.  See, e.g., Meinhard v.
Salmon, 249 N.Y. 458, 463, 164 N.E. 545, 546 (1928) (Cardozo, J.).  Indeed, the
law of partnership reflects the broader law of principal and agent, under which
every agent is a fiduciary.  SeeRestatement (Second) of Agency s 13 (1957).

2. Section 404(b) provides three specific rules that comprise a partner's duty of
loyalty.  Those rules are exclusive and encompass the entire duty of loyalty.


Subsection (b)(l) is based on UPA Section 21(1) and continues the rule that
partnership property usurped by a partner, including the misappropriation of a
partnership opportunity, is held in trust for the partnership.  The express
reference to the appropriation of a partnership opportunity is new, but merely
codifies case law on the point.  See, e.g., Meinhard v. Salmon, supra;  Fouchek v.
Janicek, 190 Ore. 251, 225 P.2d 783 (1950).  Under a constructive trust theory,
the partnership can recover any money or property in the partner's hands that can
be traced to the partnership.  See, e.g., Yoder v. Hooper, 695 P.2d 1182
(Colo.App.1984), aff'd , 737 P.2d 852 (Colo.1987);  Fortugno v. Hudson Manure Co.,
51 N.J.Super. 482, 144 A.2d 207 (1958);  Harestad v. Weitzel, 242 Or. 199, 536
P.2d 522 (1975).  As a result, the partnership's claim is greater than that of an
ordinary creditor.  See Official Comment to UPA Section 21.

UPA Section 21(1) imposes the duty on partners to account for profits and benefits
in all transactions connected with "the formation, conduct, or liquidation of the
partnership."  Reference to the "formation" of the partnership has been eliminated
by RUPA because of concern that the duty of loyalty could be inappropriately
extended to the pre-formation period when the parties are really negotiating at
arm's length.  Compare Herring v. Offutt, 295 A.2d 876 (Ct. App. Md.1972), with
Phoenix Mutual Life Ins. Co. v. Shady Grove Plaza Limited Partnership, 734 F.Supp.
1181 (D.Md.1990), aff'd , 937 F.2d 603 (4th Cir.1991).  Once a partnership is
agreed to, each partner becomes a fiduciary in the "conduct" of the business.
Pre-formation negotiations are, of course, subject to the general contract
obligation to deal honestly and without fraud.

Upon a partner's dissociation, Section 603(b)(3) limits the application of the
duty to account for personal profits to those derived from matters arising or
events occurring before the dissociation, unless the partner participates in
winding up the partnership's business.  Thus, after withdrawal, a partner is free
to appropriate to his own benefit any new business opportunity thereafter coming
to his attention, even if the partnership continues.

Subsection (b)(2) provides that a partner must refrain from dealing with the
partnership as or on behalf of a party having an interest adverse to the
partnership.  This rule is derived from Sections 389 and 391 of the Restatement
(Second) of Agency.  Comment c to Section 389 explains that the rule is not based
upon the harm caused to the principal, but upon avoiding a conflict of opposing
interests in the mind of an agent whose duty is to act for the benefit of his
principal.

Upon a partner's dissociation, Section 603(b)(3) limits the application of the
duty to refrain from representing interests adverse to the partnership to the same
extent as the duty to account.  Thus, after withdrawal, a partner may deal with
the partnership as an adversary with respect to new matters or events.

Section 404(b)(3) provides that a partner must refrain from competing with the
partnership in the conduct of its business.  This rule is derived from Section 393
of the Restatement (Second) of Agency and is an application of the general duty of
an agent to act solely on his principal's behalf.

The duty not to compete applies only to the "conduct" of the partnership business;
it does not extend to winding up the business, as do the other loyalty rules.
Thus, a partner is free to compete immediately upon an event of dissolution under
Section 801, unless the partnership agreement otherwise provides.  A partner who
dissociates without a winding up of the business resulting is also free to
compete, because Section 603(b)(2) provides that the duty not to compete
terminates upon dissociation.  A dissociated partner is not, however, free to use
confidential partnership information after dissociation.  SeeRestatement (Second)
of Agency s 393 cmt. e (1957).   Trade secret law also may apply.  See the  Uniform
Trade Secrets Act.

Under Section 103(b)(3), the partnership agreement may not "eliminate" the duty of
loyalty.  Section 103(b)(3)(i) expressly empowers the partners, however, to
identify specific types or categories of activities that do not violate the duty
of loyalty, if not manifestly unreasonable.  As under UPA Section 21, the other
partners may also consent to a specific act or transaction that otherwise violates
one of the rules.  For the consent to be effective under Section 103(b)(3)(ii),
there must be full disclosure of all material facts regarding the act or
transaction and the partner's conflict of interest.  See Comment 5 to Section 103.

3. Subsection (c) is new and establishes the duty of care that partners owe to the
partnership and to the other partners.  There is no statutory duty of care under
the UPA, although a common law duty of care is recognized by some courts.  See,
e.g., Rosenthal v. Rosenthal, 543 A.2d 348, 352 (Me.1988) (duty of care limited to
acting in a manner that does not constitute gross negligence or willful
misconduct).

The standard of care imposed by RUPA is that of gross negligence, which is the
standard generally recognized by the courts.  See, e.g., Rosenthal v. Rosenthal,
supra.  Section 103(b)(4) provides that the duty of care may not be eliminated
entirely by agreement, but the standard may be reasonably reduced.  See Comment 6
to Section 103.

4. Subsection (d) is also new.  It provides that partners have an obligation of
good faith and fair dealing in the discharge of all their duties, including those
arising under the Act, such as their fiduciary duties of loyalty and care, and
those arising under the partnership agreement.  The exercise of any rights by a
partner is also subject to the obligation of good faith and fair dealing.  The
obligation runs to the partnership and to the other partners in all matters
related to the conduct and winding up of the partnership business.

The obligation of good faith and fair dealing is a contract concept, imposed on
the partners because of the consensual nature of a partnership.  See Restatement
(Second) of Contracts s 205 (1981).  It is not characterized, in RUPA, as a
fiduciary duty arising out of the partners' special relationship.  Nor is it a
separate and independent obligation.  It is an ancillary obligation that applies
whenever a partner discharges a duty or exercises a right under the partnership
agreement or the Act.

The meaning of "good faith and fair dealing" is not firmly fixed under present
law.  "Good faith" clearly suggests a subjective element, while "fair dealing"
implies an objective component.  It was decided to leave the terms undefined in
the Act and allow the courts to develop their meaning based on the experience of
real cases.  Some commentators, moreover, believe that good faith is more properly
understood by what it excludes than by what it includes.  See Robert S. Summers, "
Good Faith" in General Contract Law and the Sales Provisions of the Uniform
Commercial Code, 54 Va. L.  Rev. 195, 262 (1968):

Good faith, as judges generally use the term in matters contractual, is best
understood as an "excluder" B a phrase with no general meaning or meanings of its
own.  Instead, it functions to rule out many different forms of bad faith.  It is
hard to get this point across to persons used to thinking that every word must
have one or more general meanings of its own B must be either univocal or
ambiguous.

The UCC definition of "good faith" is honesty in fact and, in the case of a
merchant, the observance of reasonable commercial standards of fair dealing in the
trade.  SeeUCC ss 1-201(19), 2-103(b).  Those definitions were rejected as too
narrow or not applicable.

In some situations the obligation of good faith includes a disclosure component.
Depending on the circumstances, a partner may have an affirmative disclosure
obligation that supplements the Section 403 duty to render information.

Under Section 103(b)(5), the obligation of good faith and fair dealing may not be
eliminated by agreement, but the partners by agreement may determine the standards
by which the performance of the obligation is to be measured, if the standards are
not manifestly unreasonable.  See Comment 7 to Section 103.

5. Subsection (e) is new and deals expressly with a very basic issue on which the
UPA is silent.  A partner as such is not a trustee and is not held to the same
standards as a trustee.  Subsection (e) makes clear that a partner's conduct is
not deemed to be improper merely because it serves the partner's own individual
interest.

That admonition has particular application to the duty of loyalty and the
obligation of good faith and fair dealing.  It underscores the partner's rights as
an owner and principal in the enterprise, which must always be balanced against
his duties and obligations as an agent and fiduciary.  For example, a partner who,
with consent, owns a shopping center may, under subsection (e), legitimately vote
against a proposal by the partnership to open a competing shopping center.

6. Subsection (f) authorizes partners to lend money to and transact other business
with the partnership and, in so doing, to enjoy the same rights and obligations as
a nonpartner.  That language is drawn from RULPA Section 107.   The rights  and
obligations of a partner doing business with the partnership as an outsider are
expressly made subject to the usual laws governing those transactions.  They
include, for example, rules limiting or qualifying the rights and remedies of
inside creditors, such as fraudulent transfer law, equitable subordination, and
the law of avoidable preferences, as well as general debtor-creditor law.  The
reference to "other applicable law" makes clear that subsection (f) is not
intended to displace those laws, and thus they are preserved under Section 104(a).

It is unclear under the UPA whether a partner may, for the partner's own account,
purchase the assets of the partnership at a foreclosure sale or upon the
liquidation of the partnership.  Those purchases are clearly within subsection
(f)'s broad approval.  It is also clear under that subsection that a partner may
purchase partnership assets at a foreclosure sale, whether the partner is the
mortgagee or the mortgagee is an unrelated third party.  Similarly, a partner may
purchase partnership property at a tax sale.  The obligation of good faith
requires disclosure of the partner's interest in the transaction, however.

7. Subsection (g) provides that the prescribed standards of conduct apply equally
to a person engaged in winding up the partnership business as the personal or
legal representative of the last surviving partner, as if the person were a
partner.  This is derived from UPA Section 21(2), but now embraces the duty of
care and the obligation of good faith and fair dealing, as well as the duty of
loyalty.


HISTORICAL AND STATUTORY NOTES

Uniform Law:

This section is similar to s 404 of the Uniform Partnership Act (1997).  See Vol.
6, Part 1, Uniform Laws Annotated, Master Edition, or the ULA database on WESTLAW.


LAW REVIEW AND JOURNAL COMMENTARIES

Getting Your Fair Share: What Are the Fiduciary Duties When One Member Takes a
Piece of the LLC Pie? Richard Spore, 40 Tenn. B.J. 22 (March 2004).

LIBRARY REFERENCES

Key Numbers


   Partnership k  70, 81, 92, 97, 277.

   Westlaw Key Number Searches:  289k70;  289k81;  289k92;  289k97;   289k277.

Corpus Juris Secundum

   C.J.S. Partnership ss 77, 91, 98, 318 to 320, 336, 340.

RESEARCH REFERENCES

Treatises and Practice Aids

Bogert - The Law of Trusts and Trustees s 481, Breach of Fiduciary Obligation.


T. C. A. s 61-1-404, TN ST s 61-1-404


Current through end of 2010 First Ex. Sess. and 2010 Reg. Sess.

(c) 2010 Thomson Reuters.

END OF DOCUMENT

Westlaw Delivery Summary Report for MATHEWS,MARY KAT 
Date/Time of Request:          Saturday, November 6, 2010 17:08 Eastern

Client Identifier:             MARY MATHEWS

Database:                      TN-ST-ANN

Citation Text:                 TN ST s 61-1-404

Lines:                         287

Documents:                     1

Images:                        0

Recipient(s):                  booneradley@utk.edu


The material accompanying this summary is subject to copyright. Usage is governed by contract with Thomson Reuters, West and their affiliates. 



----boundary-LibPST-iamunique-1397609903_-_---

