Status: RO
From: "Boone Radley - Law Pre-Trial Litigation" <MAILER-DAEMON>
Subject: FW: The Latest from TechCrunch
To: Nathan Radley - Law Pre-Trial Litigation
Date: Sat, 16 Oct 2010 23:10:43 +0000
Message-Id: <F68810DD199F454390CB26138831223E026298AF@KFSVS3.utk.tennessee.edu>
X-libpst-forensic-sender: /O=TENNESSEE/OU=FIRST ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=BOONERADLEY
X-libpst-forensic-bcc: prhschaefer@gmail.com
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/mixed;
	boundary="--boundary-LibPST-iamunique-1397609903_-_-"


----boundary-LibPST-iamunique-1397609903_-_-
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="windows-1252"



Boone



-----Original Message-----
From: noreply+feedproxy@google.com on behalf of TechCrunch
Sent: Sat 10/16/2010 12:20 PM
To: Boone Radley - Law Pre-Trial Litigation
Subject: The Latest from TechCrunch
 
TechCrunch

///////////////////////////////////////////
Skypes VP Of Enterprise On Future Strategy, Products And Competitors

Posted: 16 Oct 2010 08:10 AM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/EIwc1maRm_A/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email




Its no secret that Skype has major ambitions for its enterprise business.  
When the VoIP company filed to go public, Skype publicly stated that it  
plans on adding enterprise products to its suite to help build additional  
revenues. And in a move that was clearly not a coincidence, Skype recently  
brought on Tony Bates, who ran the enterprise group at Cisco, as CEO.

I recently spoke with Skypes General Manager and Vice President of  
Enterprise,  David Gurle, for an exclusive interview about the future of  
Skype for Businesses.

There are two major parts of Skypes enterprise strategy: a business to  
business solution and a business to consumer product. In terms of the  
business to business suite of products, Skype is already offering  
businesses Skype Connect, which is a way for employees to make domestic and  
international calls using regular office telephones. Two weeks ago, Skype  
announced a partnership with telephony company Avaya to offer their  
customers Skype Connect.  The company also recently launched the Skype  
Channel Partner Program which allows partners in the United States to sell  
endorsed IT support for Skype's enterprise products.

While Skype seems to be steadily shoring up these partnerships with  
existing B2B products, there is a tremendous opportunity in offering Skype  
products for businesses to communicate with consumers.  Gurle says that the  
company is developing a number of customized, industry-centric B2C products  
for enterprise companies. For example, Skype will soon be offering  
businesses a way to establish Skype-powered virtual video call centers,  
allowing enterprise customers to talk to their own customers across  
multiple devices, platforms, geographies, and more.

For each industry, there is a different video calling application.  Another  
customer, a large financial institution that Gurle declined to name, wanted  
a custom Skype application to enable service representatives to use video  
calling to communicate with customers around the world. The client wanted  
representatives to be able to form a more emotional connection with  
customers with face-to-face interaction over Skype.

Gurle is working with an education company to develop a Skype technology  
that will help teachers and students learn over a realtime video  
connection. The hospitality market is also a potential revenue stream for  
Skype. The company is helping hotel chains provide business travelers with  
the ability to use high-quality Skype video calling for personal and  
business communications from their rooms.

While Gurle declined to name the current number of enterprise customers  
using its business products, he did say that Skypes sweet spot is small to  
medium sized enterprises with a few thousand employees.

In terms of competition, Gurle seems optimistic about Skypes chances  
against Cisco and others.  We are smaller and can innovate faster than out  
competitors, says Gurle.  We can react to a clients needs in a way that  
very few other companies can. One aspect of Skype that Gurle feels is a  
differentiating factor when it comes to competing with other companies is  
the fact that Skypes technology has gained significant traction with  
consumers, making it easy for any enterprise to implement the technology  
with both employees and customers, since they are likely to already be  
familiar with how it works.

Skype, which is averaging 124 million users a month worldwide, stated in  
its recent IPO filing that users made 95 billion minutes of voice and video  
calls during the first half of 2010, with 40 percent of those minutes using  
video technology. The company recently landed a deal with Facebook, which  
should only expand its userbase.

When I asked him about Skypes future, Gule says it is in creating a  
one-click solution to allow you to reach a partner, friend, manager,  
employee, or business contact from any platform.

As Skype prepares to ramp up its enterprise strategy, Gurle is looking to  
add talent in engineering, sales and marketing. He plans to hire several  
dozen employees in the next few months. Gurle, who joined Skype in January  
of this year, was actually based in Singapore until April, when he moved  
his team to Skypes offices in Silicon Valley. He says that not only is  
there a greater talent pool on the West Coast, but Skype is targeting  
enterprise opportunities in the United States.

But can Skype build an enterprise-focused business around its technology  
that can rival the business model of Cisco and others?  While at Cisco,  
Bates was responsible for 80 percent of Cisco's business, which amounts to  
$20 billion in revenue (and 55 percent of Cisco's profits). Currently,  
Skype is on track to pass $1 billion in revenues next year, so the company  
still has a steep hill to climb when it comes to making that kind of money.
CrunchBase InformationSkypeInformation provided by CrunchBase









///////////////////////////////////////////
Why Twitter Is Massively Undervalued Compared To Facebook

Posted: 16 Oct 2010 07:11 AM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/KD41SCORZug/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email




Editors note: In this guest post, Naval Ravikant and Adam Rifkin argue why  
Twitter is undervalued.  Naval was an early investor in Twitter and owns  
Twitter shares; Adam does not.  They have not discussed the content of this  
article with anyone inside Twitter.  The views expressed are their own.   
They can be found on Twitter @naval and @ifindkarma.

Twitter was valued at one billion dollars in its last round of financing,  
but we believe it may in fact be severely undervalued relative to Facebook  
because Twitters value proposition is less obvious.

Facebook has utterly dominated the definition of the social graph to the  
point that conventional wisdom in Silicon Valley says that they have  
already won social. Few analysts seem to notice that the particular  
definition of social graph promulgated by Facebook-people you already know  
in real life-is not the only possible social graph. In fact, Facebooks  
future revenue will actually be built on top of another social graph: the  
social interest graph, aka Pages & Likes.

Twitters social interest graph is potentially a huge cash machine that will  
lift the company out of the red and into the black . . . (Naval certainly  
hopes so).

An interest graph differs from the people you know in real life social  
graph in that it is:

Built on one-way following rather than two-way friending
Organized around shared interests, not personal relationships
Public by default, not private by default
Aspirational:  not who you were in the past or even who you are, but who  
you want to be


It should already be clear that the interest graph lends itself brilliantly  
to commerce.

This explains in part why Facebook is potentially very lucrative: it owns  
the somewhat-buried interest graph constructed through all of the shares  
coming from our Facebook friends. As its News Feed grows, so will Facebooks  
version of the interest graph.  The interest graph makes itself most  
explicit in Facebook Pages, which also works on the principles of one-way  
following, shared interests, public streams, and aspirational relationships.

But Twitter is in theory even better positioned than Facebook to capitalize  
on the social interest graph.  Its keys components are:

The composition of the social graph
The value of the data flowing through it
The volume of the data


By excelling at all three, Twitter is demonstrably superior to Facebook  
Pages, at least, along specific axes related to revenue potential.

1)  Twitters social graph is inherently interest-based.

Facebook, as we noted earlier, maintains two separate graphs from the user  
perspective:  a social graph and an interest graph.  For most Facebook  
users, the former is vastly more important than the latte-no one joined  
Facebook so they could follow Justin Biebers Fan Page.  Twitters graph by  
contrast is fully interest-based:  people use it to stalk celebrities, not  
to stalk ex-girlfriends from high school.

Twitters graph reflects the power-law distribution of human nature.  Social  
hierarchies are rigid and constraining, and slow down the flow of  
information.  On Facebook, unless you are one of his 5,000 closest personal  
friends, you arent going to find out what Mark Zuckerberg likes. But on  
Twitter, when Demi Moore tweeted at a suicidal kid, she used the power-law  
distribution-aka celebrity-to help save a strangers life.

Twitters interest graph seamlessly accommodates whales, including  
celebrities, professionals, and increasingly businesses.  By contrast, it  
is downright painful to maintain concurrent presences on the dual Facebook  
graphs-Facebooks lack of tools to automate Profiles and Pages wastes  
energy, goodwill, and time.  Twitter has no such ambiguity, and as a result  
it is growing its own kind of lightweight business-related engagement.

2)  Twitter connects strangers, creating more value for all.

Twitter data is all assumed to be public by default.  Therefore it can be  
indexed, crawled, searched, and aggregated.  Value can flow across the  
graph to people who dont know the original poster.

When strangers communicate with each other, they are much more likely to be  
short-term transactional:  ask questions, report news, flirt, buy  
something. Friends communicate more over the long term, building a  
relationship over time. Therefore, from an advertisers perspective, a Tweet  
is much more likely to be valuable than a Facebook share.

Businesses make money by connecting strangers. Even on Facebook itself, the  
most promising applications are there to connect strangers-Zynga, Zoosk,  
BranchOut, TopProspect.  Facebook itself has struggled to allow strangers  
to connect in commercially-relevant ways: even now, Pages dont allow users  
to talk to each other so much as potentially allow businesses to blast news  
or cupcake offers at their followers.

A follow is the ultimate opt-in.  There is no clearer statement of interest  
on the Internet today, because you are giving permission for that person or  
entity to push data at you as much as they want as long as theyre  
interesting to you.  Interested intent + Opt-in = The dream of every  
marketer.

3)  Twitters usage model encourages volume.

Facebook Pages are rarely visited after an initial like.  Community  
behaviors have not developed around Facebooks interest graph.  Many users  
consider all Facebook Page messages to be of low value-akin to spam-and  
therefore do not welcome higher volume.



You can pick up a follower from anywhere on Twitter, and they can drop off  
at any time, so you must keep the quality and flow of messages high to be  
successful.  Other users on Twitter wont put up with your lame tweets just  
because they went to junior high with you . . . you have to find some  
interesting hook to grow your audience, and you must keep the flow of  
information coming to keep them, not just place mirrors beside mirrors to  
make it seem like beautiful content goes on and on.

Now that weve analyzed the massive potential value of Twitter, its time to  
address the undeniable operational and structural missteps by the company  
to date. To take advantage of these opportunities, Twitter must fully  
embrace three things:  third-party developers, Google and Microsoft, and  
the Open Web.

1) Embrace third-party developers.

Unfortunately, Twitter has lost its way with developers. Six months ago it  
was a critical piece of infrastructure that everyone wanted to use as the  
messaging layer for their applications. Now Twitter has turned its back on  
third party developers because the company thinks it is necessary to own  
the major clients (web, iPhone, Android, iPad). Hopefully the elevation of  
Feedburners Dick Costolo to CEO signals a shift back to the correct  
strategy:  Dont monetize the client, monetize the feed.

Here are three things Twitter could immediately do to mend fences with  
developers in a way thats also good for the company:

Embed ads in the search results and tweet stream API calls so any startup  
using the recently-opened firehose can monetize for Twitter and themselves  
too.
Make the client attribution published with each tweet more prominent again  
to promote different Twitter clients.
Open the graph API so any startup can innovate on the basis of Twitters  
extremely high-quality follow-based interest graph.  For instance, one  
could imagine building a very accurate spam filter using Twitters graph.


These moves would not hurt Twitter at all, and in fact would kickstart  
their platform efforts versus Facebook Connect. And theyre very much  
compatible with promoted tweets, promoted accounts, and promoted trends-and  
the accompanying tools.

2) Embrace Google and Microsoft

Twitter has significant common interests with these two companies. They can  
help Twitter solidify its infrastructure foundation, invest a half billion  
dollars to make sure the company has the cash to scale, promote Twitter  
heavily as the open social network, and help Twitter monetize hugely as  
full-fledged partners.

3) Embrace the Web.

Twitter has the ability to power the open Web versions of Facebook Pages  
and Facebook Places, and thats where the real money is.  Dont make brand  
advertisers have to think-provide a clear, open alternative to Facebook  
where they can promote their own Websites and brands instead of on Facebook  
Pages, and the dollars will start to flow.

The real money comes from two places: search and brand advertising on an  
open alternative to Facebook.

Memo to Twitter: with search, do not grow a brain.  Partner with the best  
at Google and Microsoft (see Facebook-Bing), and youll get great AdSense,  
AdWords, display ads, and mobile ads without having to run all the  
infrastructure-and manage all the people!-to do it.  They should be willing  
to give you 70% of the revenues now that youre doing a billion searches a  
day.

Lets say you cant yet get the dime per search average that Google has spent  
a decade optimizing.  Even if you only average 2 cents per search, thats  
$20 million in revenue per day.  Your cut?  $14 million a day.  That is  
real money: roughly $400 million a month, or $5 billion a year. And it  
grows as your number of searches and average revenue per search grow.

In addition to that, look to brand advertising increasingly moving  
online. TV money wants to move to the Internet, but right now Facebook  
Pages are the only place brand managers can make big spends. Come up with a  
cost-per-follow model similar to Facebooks $1-per-like model. Heck, maybe  
even rev share with the consumers who are following, and give new users a  
tangible answer to the oft-expressed question, Yeah, Twitter, I dont get it  
WTF?Who really cares?

If Facebooks revenues are $2 billion and its valuation is $35 billion, then  
a Twitter with a potential $5 billion in annual revenues is massively  
undervalued.  Twitter employees and investors understand the potential, as  
evidenced by the fact that there are currently many unfilled bids on the  
Sharespost secondary market for shares at a $4.5 billion valuation.  If  
Twitter can improve its execution and learn to play well with others, this  
valuation will prove to be laughably low.

Top image: Mistersweaters; photo: Paula Anddrade

CrunchBase InformationTwitterFacebookAdam RifkinNaval RavikantInformation  
provided by CrunchBase









///////////////////////////////////////////
Crashing Washington: How CleanTech/Silicon Valley Can Have Their Cake And  
Eat It Too

Posted: 16 Oct 2010 06:33 AM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/GOgJvA3Wf2s/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email




Editors note: Guest writer Maury Litwack is a lobbyist, former Hill  
staffer, opinion writer and author of the recently published The Capitol  
Plan - A Comprehensive Washington Advocacy Strategy.

TechCrunchs Sarah Lacy recently penned an article which laid out the  
complaints against government intervention in Silicon Valley, while at the  
same time presenting the challenges faced by the subset of tech leaders who  
favor subsidies-in CleanTech.  This paradox may have left some in the tech  
community frustrated at the obvious problem but without a clear solution.  
Is the governments hand to be slapped away in all situations?  The solution  
isn't really that difficult-it's time for Silicon Valley to have its cake  
and eat it too.

Ordinarily, Silicon Valley as a whole can ignore the government, its  
players, and its traps because they are an independently-minded group which  
thrives on willing funders and growing consumer interest. CleanTech is  
different. CleanTech is large scale, which requires massive dollars, and  
transformative, which requires public policy. It is a large scale in that  
if fully realized it would include nearly every type of organization, from  
small non-profits to massive municipalities and states.  To get a feel for  
just how encompassing this technology is take a look at the many types of  
members are in the voluntary Chicago Climate Exchange.  Their membership  
numbers are a fraction of what could be in a full-scale exchange and gives  
some concept of the resources required.

CleanTech is transformative because it requires a fundamentally new way of  
doing business.  A commercial building has to rethink their bottom line,  
homeowners have to rethink how they pay their monthly bills, and  
municipalities have to rethink how they provide services.  Recycling took a  
while to implement and that just involved throwing one piece of trash from  
one bin to another.  Imagine the collective efforts of Americans trying to  
rethink everything from what types of windows to install in a small  
business to what kind of car to drive.  CleanTech is interested in the  
government because the funding there is massive.  Government is interested  
in the transformative angle because, some argue, only they have the  
capability to kickstart such a process.  If you want to get a feel for how  
much government cares then venture into Thomas (the official Library of  
Congress search page) and insert some CleanTech terms. I inserted "energy  
efficient" and found over 400 individual pieces of legislation introduced  
this past Congress.  CleanTech has a unique relationship with the  
government whether they like it or not.  The question is how to pursue it.

The tech community seemingly has before it two options. Ignore the  
government and lose out on existing funds or engage with the government and  
face possible regulation or unwanted intervention.  In June, Michael  
Arrington vented about how the Obama administration hadn't fulfilled  
campaign promises important to Silicon Valley and how he didn't think it  
was likely for any of these things to occur in this presidency. That seems  
to follow the non-engagement "get out of Silicon Valley" argument.  
Alternatively, in the engagement category, there is the recent statement by  
Google CEO Eric Schmidt to The Atlantic that "the laws are written by  
lobbyists." Faced with a choice of fight or flight, neither scenario at its  
extreme particularly helps the CleanTech world.

If one were to follow the Arrington method to its extreme, there would  
likely be numerous foreign companies all too willing to grab the CleanTech  
mantle by paying lobbyists to push their case before Congress.  Foreign  
investment is moving along very nicely. The Chinese are investing $7.3  
billion in smart grids and other technologies, the Japanese are rolling out  
an energy-smart city, and South Korea  is investing $200 billion in a smart  
grid project. South Korea is working on a free trade deal as we speak, so  
who knows what such an agreement would mean to CleanTech in our country.  
The flight approach is often taken by those who feel disenfranchised in  
Washington and decide to pack up their bags and declare "you leave me alone  
and I will leave you alone."  But in this case, this could be a disastrous  
approach to advocacy which would leave an entire industry exposed to the  
whims of others.

However, if one were to follow the other model to the extreme, there would  
be a needless intrusion into one of our most promising fields. Politicians  
do love to intervene despite a lack of knowledge. Perhaps these same  
lobbyists Schmidt speaks of don't understand Silicon Valley and wouldn't  
fight the right battles to prevent government intrusion. Who knows what  
kind of weird relationships could transpire. One bizarre situation could  
play out eerily similar to the Canadian government's privacy czar who  
recently told a conference of technology groups that the government  
expected them to shore up their privacy standards. Closer to home, as Lacy  
articulated, the financial services bill had all kinds of problems which  
venture capitalists and many other funding sources of the tech world  
couldn't stomach. Was that a result of a sour relationship? To fully  
embrace the government and the potential revenues it represents could be a  
temporary solution but seems to be a bitter and controlling pill for our  
most innovative field to have to swallow.

Which lesser of two evils will it be? How can the CleanTech industry have  
its cake and eat it too?

What Silicon Valley and CleanTech needs are strong advocates in  
Washington.  Engagement with teeth is the right approach. Yes, I am a  
lobbyist, but hear me out.  This is already happening.  Politico wrote last  
week on the number of huge technology firms looking to beef up their  
lobbying in the next Congress. Twitter, HP, Facebook, you name it and they  
are there-fighting for net neutrality, privacy, mergers and other issues.  
Most big names in Silicon Valley are creating an equally big name in  
Washington and establishing clear markers for what they want and don't want  
from the government.  Additionally, they are setting up serious in-house  
lobbying shops who know their products, and coupling them with strategic  
outside lobbying firms who know how the government works.

Many of you reading this may think Washington lobbying is just a waste of  
time and money.  But making your voice heard in Washington can be valuable  
and necessary. This approach-a constant, knowledgeable and forceful voice  
in Washington-is what an industry does to make sure they are getting what  
they need while at the same time not being taken advantage of. True, if one  
goes to the government only asking for a handout with lobbyists who don't  
get it then the backlash can be lethal, but this doesn't have to be the  
case. The American CleanTech industry can use their powerful voices as both  
constituents and an important engine of economic growth to argue for good  
policy and needed resources, while also making sure the government stays at  
arms length in most cases. Because ultimately, if they dont do it, someone  
else will.

Photo credit (of White House party crasher): Samantha Appleton/White House  
Photo









///////////////////////////////////////////
Hitching A Ride With UberCab, 5 Minutes With The CEO [TCTV]

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 08:39 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/hQC_y7vMzrI/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email



Less than four months old, UberCabs mobile app for on-demand car service  
has become something of a breakout hit in San Francisco this summer.

The startup has amassed a fleet of 45 SF drivers to cater to the whims of  
the early adopter urbanites and, so far, its delivered on its promise to  
provide swift service with the average wait time hovering between 7 to 8  
minutes. To certify UberCabs buzz factor, a group of prominent investors  
led by First Round Capital have plunked down a cool $1.25 million for a  
piece of the companys seed round.

On Friday, we caught up with UberCabs chief executive, Ryan Graves, to put  
UberCab to the test.

Our mission was to get a ride from UberCabs headquarters on 540 Washington  
St.  to TechCrunch HQ at 410 Townsend. From the moment Graves tapped on the  
UberCab icon, the clock was ticking. Exactly one minute and 26 seconds  
later, a black SUV and a friendly bespectacled driver named Jesse pulled  
up. While I wondered whether we were benefiting from special treatment- the  
request was dispatched from the CEOs mobile after all-  it was a pleasant  
and indulgent ride back to the office. The total bill including tip was  
$36, that was a little more than double our initial ride from TCHQ to  
UberCab (although traffic was heavier during the Uber run).

For the wait time and the convenience of knowing exactly when youre getting  
picked up, UberCab is definitely a welcome alternative in SFs  
not-so-reliable car service market. The question is whether the rest of  
Americas major metropolitan areas will embrace the startup with such open  
arms- before other copycats get there. The team is eager to break into New  
York and Las Vegas but is wading through regulation and market-specific  
issues. The hope is to be there before the end of next year.

At UberCabs headquarters (which is literally a glass conference room with  
five employees), we asked the new CEO about his plans to roll out, the  
effect the startup will have on the private car service market, and how the  
team came together (see video above). Interesting factoid: Graves came on  
board after noticing a tweet from founder Travis Kalanick, who was looking  
for people with business development experience.  Graves simply responded  
with his e-mail address and the rest is Uber Cab history.

For those with Androids (and too lazy to SMS) UberCab will start beta  
testing an Android app this weekend with plans to roll it out in one or two  
weeks.
CrunchBase InformationRyan GravesUberCabInformation provided by CrunchBase









///////////////////////////////////////////
MacBook Air Apparent: I Have Never Used My Computers Optical Drive

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 07:08 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/NvHAxPRnNQc/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email




Theres this weird slit in the side of my MacBook Pro. It almost seems like  
a credit card swipe, or a receipt dispenser, or an air vent, or something.  
Oh wait. Thats an optical drive. Youll forgive me if I wasnt sure. You see,  
Ive never used the thing.

This dawned on me the other day. Ive owned this computer for months now and  
I have never had the need to insert a compact disc or DVD into this  
computer to do something. Not once. And going forward, I cant imagine a  
time where I ever will. Okay, maybe if my computer dies. But even then, I  
would probably just take it into an Apple Store and let them deal with it.

So this drive is a huge waste of space. Without it, this great machine  
could certainly be much more svelte. What I want, of course, is a MacBook  
Air. But Apple seems to have been neglecting those recently. If the latest  
rumors are true, come Wednesday, that could change.

The most recent rumors have Apple releasing a new, smaller MacBook Air that  
would have an 11.6-inch screen (versus the current 13.3-inch one). The  
thing may weigh in around 2 pounds (versus the current 3 pounds). And it  
may even have a new sort of solid state memory system that would allow it  
to be even thinner than normal, and faster to boot.

This is exactly the type of system I want.

Ive been spoiled in recent months. I bought my current 15-inch MacBook Pro  
a little bit before the launch of the iPad. Its a fantastic machine, but  
the iPad has changed the way I view it now. The thought of carrying around  
a 5.6 pound machine when I could just carry around a 1.5 pound iPad makes  
me groan inside a bit. 2 pounds? I can do that.

Why not just carry around the iPad? Because as great as it is, its still  
not nearly good enough to use professionally on a daily basis. Even if I  
were to carry around the keyboard accessory, its lacking some of the  
intensive multitasking properties I require to write about important things  
like iPhone subway bands.

That said, I also definitely dont need all the power this dual graphics  
cards i7 MacBook Pro offers. I need something in-between the two. Again,  
this new MacBook Air sounds ideal.



A couple days ago, Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said that the  
original MacBook Air missed the mark because Apple underestimated how many  
people wanted an optical drive on their machine. I dont know. To me, the  
MacBook Air was always interesting but it seemed far too underpowered for  
its relatively high price. Apple eventually cut the price, but it was still  
probably too much money. Rumors for the new version suggest a much cheaper  
price. That could be very interesting.

A lot of people bitched and moaned when Apple first unveiled with Air with  
only an optional optical drive add-on. But the fact remains that this is  
the right move, and Apple is simply a little ahead of the curve (as they  
were with floppy drives, etc). These drives take up way too much room and  
are increasingly seldom used. Backups are done via USB or Firewire (or the  
Internet). Software installs can now be done over the Internet or via USB.  
Movies and music? Same thing. The optical drive is dying. And fast.

Going forward, I suspect the majority of my computing will be done on the  
following devices: iPhone, iPad, MacBook Air (and perhaps a ChromeBook, or  
whatever Google will call their Chrome OS notebooks). Its becoming all  
about ultra-portability. As Apple CEO Steve Jobs famously said recently,  
PCs will become like trucks. Desktop computers and these larger laptops  
will still be around for utilitarian purposes - but I dont want to have to  
sit behind one all day. Or worse, have to carry one around.

I want a system that instantly boots. One thats always connected to the  
Internet (that could be another interesting play for the new MacBook Air   
3G built-in). One that lasts for a very, very long time. And one that I  
dont think twice about carrying around.

Even this relatively new MacBook Pro that I use is starting to feel like  
one of those old camcorders that required you to carry around a VCR in a  
bag in order to record something. Its time to cut out the VCR - in this  
case, the optical drive. Its time to continue the march towards portable  
computing. Its time to lighten the load.
CrunchBase InformationAppleInformation provided by CrunchBase









///////////////////////////////////////////
New Features Help A Birthday Wish Set A New Causes Record: $10K In 24 Hours

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 06:39 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/MXZ-db2-VZI/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email




Birthdays have always been a big deal on Facebook, driving users to pile  
onto eachothers Facebook profiles to leave good wishes and doodles of cake.  
But more and more, users are looking to channel this goodwill into  
something a little more special using Birthday Wish, a service from the  
philanthropic startup Causes that makes it easy to ask your friends to  
donate to charity in honor of your big day.

Today, weve gotten word that the service has set a new record: Dave Morin,  
a long-time former Facebook employee who is now CEO of stealthish startup  
Path, managed to raise over $10,000 in 24 hours, which is the  
fastest-growing Birthday Gift ever (the total totally is now up to over  
$11K).  Hell be donating the proceeds to UCSF Benioff Childrens Hospital in  
San Francisco, and if youd like to participate you can find his Wish here.  
Morins success with Birthday Wish is awesome news, but its also important  
for another reason: it shows how some recent tweaks to the Causes platform  
are beginning to take off.

Over the summer we reported that Causes was moving away from existing  
primarily as a Facebook canvas application that lives on Facebook itself,  
toward a Connect-enabled site on Causes.com.  Causes CEO Joe Green says  
that since the change two months ago, Birthday Wish has been raising twice  
as much money per day (up to $20,000 a day from $10,000).

He expects that number to keep growing. Green says that over the last few  
months Causes has primarily been focusing on helping each Birthday Wish  
campaign drive more donations, but it hasnt been doing much to boost the  
total number of wishes being created (in other words, to boost awareness).  
Thats going to change soon, he says.

The site is also going to begin rolling out some new features, like a  
sidekick system where one friend is supposed to help promote your Wish as  
much as possible. Theres also going to be listings of the top donor, most  
recent donor, and so on - Green explains that the site is working on  
getting these social dynamics fine-tuned for helping you raise money from  
friends, which is tricker than what youd find on a basic social game. You  
probably wont be able to raise quite as much as Morin (who has a large  
online presence), but everyone should benefit from the changes.

I also spoke with Morin about the success of his Wish. Hes thrilled,  
explaining that hed set a goal of $10,000 by the holiday season  which he  
reached in one day. He attributes some of this success to the  
aforementioned optimizations that have been made to Causes (he says hes  
being running Birthday Wishes for three years, and the amount raise has  
doubled or more each year). Heres a portion of his letter to friends, in  
which he explains why he is doing this:


Health has been an important dedication of my family for decades.

I have dedicated my life to entrepreneurship, helping other entrepreneurs,  
and the creation of better social networking technology to help cause  
positive change in society.

Because of this I have been working for over a year in partnership with Ron  
Conway, Marc & Lynne Benioff, Joe Green, and the team at UCSF towards the  
creation of a social media movement to support the new world class UCSF  
Benioff Childrens Hospital here in San Francisco.

Because of my familys dedication to family health for decades, this  
organization is particularly important to me because it is going to set a  
new standard of health care for children and their families.

My personal goal is to raise more than $10,000 through the holiday season.  
And to recruit more than 50% of my friends on Facebook to join this  
important cause.

CrunchBase InformationCausesInformation provided by CrunchBase









///////////////////////////////////////////
Ron Conways SV Angel Rakes In Another $9 Million

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 06:19 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/yyx948tcTk8/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email


  An SEC Form D filed today revealed a few new things about Godfather of  
Silicon Valley and much lauded angel investor Ron Conways SV Angel fund,  
namely that it is going after more; The forms show that what the fund is  
seeking has been raised from $20 million to $30 million, and that it is  
also closing in on an almost $9 million update today.

This latest Form D filing is an amendment from the first time SV Angel  
filed this Spring and it refers to a $22,805,000 in total new funding vs.  
in $13,865,000 in April. A little handy subtraction reveals that SV Angel  
just wrastled up another $8,940,000 to be specific.

And just like we predicted in February, it seems as though triple threat  
Facebook, Google and Twitter investor Conway and partner David Lee have had  
no problem finding investors for Conways own fund, which marks a departure  
from only investing his own capital and his previous investments through  
Baseline Ventures.

Some of the pretty hot startups SV Angel is currently invested in include  
Hipmunk, Wavii, Bit.ly, Flipboard and BankSimple.

Update: David Lee from SV Angel clarifies regarding the perceived increase  
in fund size,

This is just a filing/SEC formality. We havent raised beyond the  
$20mmbecause the actual amount was a hair over $20mm, lawyers just checked  
a box saying that it was up to $30mm

So bottom line: we are not raising more and fund size is 20mm.

Thanks: FormDs

CrunchBase InformationRon ConwayInformation provided by CrunchBase









///////////////////////////////////////////
Evan Williams Takes Questions On Twitter And Reveals Some Of What Could Be  
Next

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 05:54 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/CmnVJ8lDxvA/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email




Maybe it is a good thing that Twitter co-founder Evan Williams is no longer  
CEO - he now seems to have time to do things like answer a boatload of  
questions from users on Twitter. For about an hour today, Williams did just  
that and provided some interesting insights into New Twitter and what types  
of possibilities are out there for the service in the future, feature-wise.

I went ahead and curated a list of his best tweet replies, but Ill spell  
the answers out in a simplified manner below. According to Williams:

Twitter is working on a way to show entire back-and-forth conversations in  
the right-pane on New Twitter. Currently, they only show one tweet that a  
tweet is replying to.
Many of the New Twitter ideas will find their way into the various mobile  
interfaces.
Williams agrees that the new URL structure for Twitter isnt pretty, but its  
needed to keep things fast.
There are no plans for a way to make individual tweets private on a  
case-by-case basis.
Twitter is thinking about an option to put DMs and @replies in the main  
timeline.
There will eventually be a DM alert of some sort on the site to show you  
when you have a new message.
Twitter.com will eventually use the User Streams API (real time updates).
The Settings page will soon get an update to look like the rest of New  
Twitter.
There are no plans to ever put any time of media in the tweet stream itself.
Twitter may experiment with live-updating feeds instead of having the new  
tweet alert.
There wont be a Twitter movie  unless its an animated musical.
Also followed by and You both follow are coming back - Twitter is figuring  
out how to re-implement them.
Twitter is trying to think of a way to make it easier to see who has  
retweeted you.
Williams likes that the right pane is the same size as the stream - he  
actually wants it wider.
Twitter plans to keep on changing things up regularly - this redesign is  
not the end.
Williams would like to see more stats for users on the front-end.
Twitter is thinking about allowing users to change the color of the black  
top bar in New Twitter.
New Twitter decodes all shortened links.
Retweeting with comments is not coming.
A new Tweetie for Mac is not coming anytime soon.
The Fail Whale exists on New Twitter, but theyre working hard to keep him  
out of the waters.
Twitter not currently working on a profile picture cropper.
Animated avatars will not be allowed. Twitter finds them distracting.
New Twitter will have Posterous support in the right pane soon.
Tumblr and img.ly might be getting support soon as well. Twitter is working  
to add many more media providers.
The ability to shorten a link on twitter.com is being worked on right now.
Twitter is thinking about a mute button to block users temporarily (like  
Brizzly has).

CrunchBase InformationTwitterInformation provided by CrunchBase









///////////////////////////////////////////
Atlantics Michael Hirschorn: "Americans will Believe any Shit They See  
Online" [TCTV]

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 05:09 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/8j1osI_BqOA/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email


In the current issue of the Atlantic Monthly, contributing editor Michael  
Hirschorn rails against the "commodification of facts" caused by social  
media.

Specifically hes irked by how Twitter, Wikipedia and the rest have made it  
possible for right wing (in most cases) commentators to create their own  
set of facts to support their agenda.

"The communal void allows the emergence of an Andrew Breitbart on the right  
and, occupying far less morally compromised space on the left, a figure  
like Julian Assange, the mastermind behind WikiLeaks (no affiliation with  
Wikipedia) While Breitbart unapologetically conducts his information  
warfare à la Sartre via Malcolm X-by any means necessary, including blatant  
falsehoods-Assange uses "truth" as a weapon while assuming that context  
will be provided by the commons"

Coming as it did in the same week that Paul criticized a disingenuous  
anti-Meg Whitman attack ad (leading to TechCrunch's resident socialist  
being labelled an evil Republican fanboy by commenters) Hirschorn's  
persuasive essay struck a chord with us. So you can imagine our delight  
when the man who the NY Observer called "Mr Bad Taste" agreed to be join us  
(along with his son, Paul, and his dog, Clover) to explain why social media  
is evil and how most Americans will believe any shit they see online

Video below.












///////////////////////////////////////////
And Now a Folksy Update From Carol Bartz, Massive Outage Relegated to "PS"

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 04:17 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/xwKl_gOwris/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email


  Talk about burying the lead. For your Friday reading pleasure, the latest  
memo from fearless leader Carol Bartz, talking up how far the company has  
come and how the outage just proved how important Yahoo is.

Read it for yourself:

There sure are a lot of folks writing about us. There are some pretty  
incredible stories out there.  I'm not letting it distract me, and you  
shouldn't either. Because the really incredible story to me is how far  
we've come to build a better Yahoo! - something you're all making a reality.

I've been traveling the last four weeks to New York, Atlanta and Washington  
DC, seeing customers, partners and visiting our offices. I want to call out  
the U.S. Account Management folks who have been working non-stop to  
transition our advertisers to Microsoft's Ad Center. Microsoft should be  
powering paid search in the U.S. and Canada by the end of this month, right  
on schedule. Our Yahoo! transition team under Mark Morrissey deserves the  
BIG THANKS for steering us through this important transition.

I met with the News product and engineering teams yesterday. On Monday,  
we're going Alpha in four countries on a totally new platform for global  
News. We've had nine different News code bases around the world and haven't  
brought up a new country in two years because of the complexity! With "new"  
News we can bring a new site up in a month. To compose a new page it used  
to either never happen, or took engineering and editorial weeks. Now it  
only takes FIVE minutes with just the editor. Why am I going into this  
detail? First, I'm really, really proud of the Media and Content Agility  
Platforms teams. They started in July '09 and have delivered a kick-ass  
product on time. Secondly, I want you all to know that this is the new  
Yahoo! - great technology driving great content for a great user and  
advertiser experience. No one will stop us!

Now after all that happy talk, we have a lot to do. Change is very hard but  
no company or no one person can stay the same. Let's all look out the  
windshield, not the back window. That's how we move forward.

OK, Yahoos, that's all for today.

Your fearless leader,

Carol

P.S. - You all know Front Page was down yesterday. Our teams worked hard  
and got it fixed fast. And looking on the positive side, I thought you  
should see some of the comments. Several outlets indicated their surprise  
at such a major issue with one of the world's largest Websites, noting the  
importance of Yahoo! to the daily lives of users and the fact that Yahoo!  
is never down.

.                   "Yahoo.com was offline this PM. Friends/readers wrote  
to us, underscoring the sites continued relevance." - Tweet from a Wall  
Street Journal reporter

.                   "The people have spoken, bring us back our Yahoo!" -  
The Next Web

So remember, Yahoo! is still an important destination for folks on the Web.  
Let's give them the best experience we can.









///////////////////////////////////////////
RockYou Rocked By Layoffs As It Switches Focus To Social Games

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 03:56 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/K6RX1qNGMwQ/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email


RockYou, a social network app developer that also has an advertising  
branch, has had substantial layoffs this week, weve just confirmed.  The  
company says that it has restructured the organization in the last couple  
of days, and that going forward it is going to focus exclusively on social  
games, where it sees the largest opportunity.

A company spokesperson declined to comment on how many people were laid off  
(the best I could get out of them was that it was less than half the  
company) - were working to get a more specific number. RockYou has been  
very well funded, with over $125 million raised to date. It recently closed  
a $10 million round in June to boost its presence in Asia.

RockYou will continue to work on its advertising initiatives and will be  
directing most of its resources at developing social games. It wont be  
shutting down its established  non-gaming properties, which include Pieces  
of Flair and SuperWall, but it wont be supporting them to the same extent  
that it has been up until this point.

Its been a bad year for RockYou. Less than twelve months ago, the company  
had all of its 32 million accounts hacked.

RockYou arch-rival Slide was acquired by Google in August for $228 million.
CrunchBase InformationRockYouInformation provided by CrunchBase









///////////////////////////////////////////
Maybe Dave McClure Should Just Use UberCab

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 03:47 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/jsA9pUW7WUc/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email


There is a very excited startup out there called Baydin that is about to  
close its first angel round of financing. One of the investors, at least,  
is Dave McClures 500 Startups.

How did they get McClure to invest? By giving him a ride from a meeting to  
his mechanic.

Then, my girlfriend noticed Dave's tweet that said he was looking for a  
ride to his mechanic. Anyone who picked him up could pitch him on the way.  
Figuring dignity is for the unfunded, I threw on yesterday's clothes,  
hopped on 101, and headed over to Buck's to give Dave McClure a lift.

The pickup happened, although CEO Alexander Moore seemed a little annoyed  
that McClure was on the phone for the first part of the ride. But by the  
end of the meeting Dave was hooked and committed to invest $50,000 or  
$100,000.

I spoke to McClure today about this. He says hes done this two other times   
once in Seattle and once in Boston  but this was the first time hes made an  
investment.

You did this without any due diligence or research into the company, I  
asked. His answer - Yes, but I had a referral from someone.

Do you feel like you have an obligation to invest when you get a ride from  
someone? I asked Dave. Psychologically speaking, thats probably accurate,  
he said.

Ok. My last words to Dave included a pointer to UberCab, which we wrote  
about last night. It might be a less expensive way for him to get around  
town in the future. Meanwhile, if youre a startup and you need cash fast,  
just start following Dave around wherever he goes, and hope that he needs a  
ride.
CrunchBase InformationBaydin500 StartupsDave McClureAlexander  
MooreInformation provided by CrunchBase









///////////////////////////////////////////
Think Bartz Cant Answer What Yahoo Is? Listen to Ballmer Try to Answer Why  
You Should Work at Microsoft.

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 03:22 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/DJkhnV52w3o/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email


Maybe its time for the great salesman to hang it up. Microsoft CEO Steve  
Ballmer spoke at a computer science school this week and was asked in a  
roundabout way, why someone would want to work at Microsoft when there are  
so many more exciting companies out there, like, say  Apple.

Ballmer tap dances for four minutes, the moderator hops in and notes that  
one-third of the schools graduates go to Microsoft, which isnt that  
surprising given this talk was held at the University of Washington and  
Microsoft is by far the biggest tech company in the state. Thats like auto  
companies saying because a lot of people in Detroit have jobs with them,  
theyre still on the cutting edge.

Finally Ballmer gets to the answer of why Microsoft is exciting:  
Windowsand.phones. He doesnt even sound like hes convincing himself. Lets  
hope for the sake of shareholders the pitch to customers is as dynamic as  
it used to be. [Drinking game bonus: Drink every time he says "Best and the  
Brightest"]











///////////////////////////////////////////
Reid Hoffman Bristles Being Called a VC, Answers Reader Questions Anyway  
[TCTV]

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 02:29 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/ueBFPDduJnY/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email


Reid Hoffman was my guest on Ask a VC this week, although he still  
considers himself more of an entrepreneur than a VC and did the call from  
LinkedIn, not Greylock. Oh well at least the question asking and answering  
was as advertised.

Among the questions he answered were who Facebooks biggest competitive  
threat would be, why Google has failed in two attempts to build a social  
platform and whether the latest will succeed, whether micropayments can  
work for categories other than games (Hint: News media, were still out of  
luck), the few investments hes made outside the United States and why he  
doesnt do more and how his value add is different when hes wearing a VC hat  
and when hes wearing an angel hat.

We also play a fun game: If LinkedIn is the virtual office, Facebook is the  
virtual backyard BBQ, MySpace is the virtual nightclub, what are the real  
world analogs for Ping, FourSquare, Gowalla and Zynga?

The video is below.












///////////////////////////////////////////
Source Claims 11.6 MacBook Air Incoming

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 02:21 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/Y3sw5Q_lJKY/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email




A little more than a week ago, it was reported that MacBook Air retail  
supplies were dwindling. This has historically indicated a new product or  
refresh, and now there is chatter suggesting that the new version will  
indeed be the 11.6 version we heard about back in July.

A source credited with pinpoint accuracy in the past by Apple Insider  
claims that the new 11.6 laptops have been in manufacture for about a week.  
But will it simply be a smaller version of the existing laptop, or  
something new? Im going to go with new.

Continue reading









///////////////////////////////////////////
Googles Greatest Trick Is Pouring Gas On The Hockey Stick

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 02:03 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/TxRHTX41abM/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email




Google tried yesterday to convince the world that it is no longer a  
one-trick pony (or wont be forever).  It revealed for the first time during  
its earnings call some pretty big revenue numbers in businesses other than  
core search advertising.  Its annualized revenue for display advertising  
(including YouTube and DoubleClick) is now running at $2.5 billion; mobile  
search is $1 billion (oops, thats still search).  Some people dont buy it.   
But as Google CEO Eric Schmidt told an audience today at MIT:  Anything  
that is $1 billion is good.

The real story from yesterdays blow-out quarter is not so much that Google  
has learned any new tricks, but rather that the one it knows is still a  
pretty good trick.  And Google is playing that trick for all its worth.   
Towards the end of the earnings conference call, CFO Patrick Pichette  
offered this garbled metaphor: When you see a hockey stick, pour on gas on  
that fire.

In a note today titled Fuel on The Hockey Stick, Citi analyst Mark Mahaney  
included a table showing the growth in U.S. gross revenues, which Ive  
charted above.  Googles U.S. gross revenues grew 26 percent in the third  
quarter, compared to growth of 22 percent, 11 percent, 4 percent, and 2  
percent in the four previous quarters, respectively.  New search ad formats  
such as comparison ads and product listings are showing 10 to 30 percent  
better clickthrough rates than plain-vanilla paid search ads, and are  
helping revenues.

Display ads and mobile may not yet count as another trick, but by next year  
they could start to be material.  Google offered up the numbers more to  
signal what is coming and to help analysts with their Jedi Guesstimation  
skills, in the words of senior VP of product management Jonathan  
Rosenberg.  Since Google doesnt give official guidance on future results,  
these snippets of information are all they have to go on other than the  
official quarterly results.  Mahaney now estimates that 10 percent of  
Googles revenues next year will come from display, YouTube, and mobile.

Today, Schmidt also offered up this additional piece of advice:  A simple  
rule for those of you who are CEOs: rising revenues solves all problems.   
In the end, it really doesnt matter to investors where the revenues and  
profits come from, as long as they keep going up.  Maybe if they keep  
pouring gas on that hockey stick, it will turn into another pony.

Photo of actual pony on Google campus, circa 2007, courtesy of Kevin Marks:


CrunchBase InformationGoogleInformation provided by CrunchBase









///////////////////////////////////////////
For Those About To Rock, We Offer You An iPhone-Controlled Guitar

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 02:00 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/T5Yo4Nv-yY8/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email


Rob Morris just showed me this very cool gestural guitar interface that  
allows you to control a guitar with your iPhone. You can modify the sound  
by moving the guitar around (think Star Power in Guitar Hero) and you can  
even shred on the iPhone while the guitar twangs away.

No, you cant buy one. And Robs not selling his rig. I guess you can just  
follow these guys lead and start your own iPhone band.

Read more









///////////////////////////////////////////
Ever Wish You Were Dating Yourself?

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 01:24 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/NfRZy7-Gmzc/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email




You might be looking at your significant other right now thinking, Why cant  
you be cooler, hotter, more understanding, less understanding, more fun,  
less fun, better with people, more discerning, more fashionable, less  
fashion-obsessed  Well actually, why cant you be more like me?

 From the folks that brought you YouTubeTimeMachine and in the same vein as  
ManBabies.com, we present to you this concept taken one step further,  
Imdatingmyself.com a site created by Justin Johnson that allows you to (um,  
self) indulge your wildest onanistic Photoshop fantasies.

Some of our favorites below. Happy Friday.











Via: MyModernMet









///////////////////////////////////////////
Review: Adobe Lightroom 3

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 01:01 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/R_IGMJZs4jw/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email




Powerful and easy to use, this is probably the best cross-platform  
enthusiast photography management software out there - though navigation  
and organization arent the most intuitive. Version 3 adds some useful  
features, but whether they are useful enough for you to upgrade is for you  
to decide.

Continue reading









///////////////////////////////////////////
GoPro CEO: "Some Peoples Most Exciting Moments Also Happen to be Horrific"  
[TCTV]

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 01:00 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/o_G7ZYZTKaE/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email


When the 33 Chilean  miners emerged from 68 days of subterranean captivity,  
one man here in  California had a professional reason to be glued to CNN.

Nick Woodman,  the CEO of GoPro had spotted one of his company's  
super-robust cameras  (designed to be worn by extreme sports enthusiasts)  
strapped to the top  of the rescue pod, streaming live footage of the  
miners' ascent to the  world.

So, now that anyone  with a $250 camera can broadcast from anywhere on  or  
beneath  earth, have we crossed the final frontier of citizen journalism?  
We  invited Woodman on to WITN to give us his take.

Video below.










///////////////////////////////////////////
Looks Like Top Gun 2 Is Cleared For Takeoff - All Thanks To Larry Ellisons  
Son

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 12:59 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/Ulc4lCoFQnA/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email


Of all the movies made in the 1980s, Top Gun is definitely one of the best.  
It has everything you need in a movie: California, drinking, jets, tragedy,  
Kenny Loggins, cheesy one-liners, and, of course, volleyball. And its about  
to take flight once again.

Yes, just like another 80s classic, Wall Street, the products/director  
behind the project are said to be prepping for a sequel (hopefully one  
better than the Wall Street sequel which was meh). And sources tell  
NYMAG.coms Vulture that screenwriter Christopher McQuarrie (of The Usual  
Suspects fame) is going to work Tom Cruises iconic Maverick character into  
the movie, in a lesser role.

So what does any of this have to do with tech? Well, admittedly, not a lot.  
But it is interesting why this sequel is getting made. Apparently, its  
basically due to the son of Oracle founder, ultra-billionaire, and  
sometimes HP antagonist, Larry Ellison.

27-year-old David Ellison, who was all of 3 when Top Gun came out in 1986  
(not that I can talk, I was 4), is apparently also a huge fan of the film.  
And not just that. Hes also a film producer and a pilot as well. And he  
makes movies about flying. Oh, and he just happend to raise $350 million  
dollars from JPMorganChase to co-finance a slate of films with Paramount -  
the movie studio behind Top Gun. The first of those films? Tom Cruises  
Mission: Impossible 4.

Yep, its like a match made in Top Gun sequel heaven.

To recap: Man obsessed with Top Gun. Son of the sixth-richest man in the  
world. Movie producer. Stunt pilot. Helping out Paramount. Helping out Tom  
Cruise. Yeah, this movie is so getting made.

Lets just hope young Ellisons ego isnt writing checks that his body cant  
cash.

Now for some gratuitous Top Gun clips:







[image: Paramount]
CrunchBase InformationLarry EllisonInformation provided by CrunchBase









///////////////////////////////////////////
Ten Culprits Of The Global Water Crisis (And Startups Trying To Solve It)

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 12:38 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/15KDlXoubnI/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email




Some 1.8 billion people have internet access in the world today, but 1  
billion people lack access to adequate amounts of freshwater. Harsh  
realities about water inspired Blog Action Day this year, an initiative led  
by Change.org, to rally bloggers to explore the global problem, to raise  
awareness and money to help solve it. The issues around water in 2010  
concern scarcity, access, pollution and more.

But its not all grim. There are new opportunities for tech startups,  
engineers, investors and creative people to solve problems around the water  
crisis. Water and waste water technology is a hot market that could get  
hotter.

Eight companies in this subcategory of cleantech ranked on the 2010 Global  
Cleantech 100 list  which we reported on earlier this week: Aqwise, Danfoss  
AquaZ, Emefcy, NanoH2O, Oasys Water, Ostara Nutrient Recovery Technologies,  
TaKaDu and WaterHealth.

A few others that were funded this year include: two water filtration  
companies Clean Filtration Technology and Quench; and an antimicrobial tech  
company, HaloSource which treats recreational and industrial water and aims  
to make drinking water safe.

We ran a story earlier today (thats double Blog Action Day for TechCrunch)  
about i2O Water. The UK company was funded last year by First Capital and  
Swarraton Partners, and uses grid technology to save freshwater that would  
otherwise be lost through inefficient pipes, bursts and leaks in water  
systems.

We expect to see more startups and deals around water-related subcategories  
of cleantech, given the startling facts about global water supply and  
demand that are revealed in a comprehensive new Living Planet report by the  
WWF and Global Footprint.

Dont blame us if you decide to drop out of school, quit your day job or  
ditch that other startup to work on something water-related after reading  
this list:

Of the worlds total estimated 6.5 billion population some 28% has internet  
access today, while 15% of the population doesnt have enough freshwater to  
live a healthy life.


Seventy-one countries are experiencing stress on blue water resources,  
defined as sources of water that people withdraw, use and dont return to  
the ecosystem. Nearly two-thirds (or 45) of these countries are  
experiencing moderate to severe stress.


  Countries experiencing blue water resource stress today are major  
producers of agricultural goods for national and global markets, including:  
India, China, Israel and Morocco. The strain on water resources will become  
more acute with increased human populations and economic growth, and be  
further exacerbated by the effects [of military conflict] and climate  
change. It will also make everything from energy to food more expensive.


Since 1900, more than half of the world's wetlands have disappeared.


Overall, about one-third of the world's 105 largest cities obtain a  
significant proportion of their drinking water directly from protected  
areas.


The water footprint of a typical, U.S. cup of black coffee is massive - an  
estimated 591.74 cups (140 liters). This includes all the water used for  
growing, harvesting, refining, transporting and packaging the coffee beans,  
selling the coffee, and brewing the final cup. Its that big if you drink it  
out of a reusable mug.


  A latte-to-go with sugar has a water footprint of 845.35 cups (200  
liters). The water footprint increases when ingredients are added, and will  
vary according to whether sugar, for example, came from sugarcane or sugar  
beet. If the final product is a takeaway coffee in a disposable cup, the  
water footprint will include the volume of water used to produce the cup as  
well as the water used to produce, deliver and make the coffee.


The United States has the third largest production water footprint in the  
world, after India which has the largest, then China. A production water  
footprint accounts for the volume of green water (a.k.a. rain) and blue  
water (withdrawn water ) thats consumed in the production of agricultural  
goods from crops and livestock.


The agriculture industry forecasts that "a doubling of agricultural output  
without associated increases in the amount of land or water used" is  
possible by 2050.


The Living Planet Report tracks 714 species living in the worlds currently  
available freshwater, 636 species in marine water, and 1,341 terrestrial  
species. These marine and freshwater species declined 10% more than  
terrestrial from 1970-2007.






Image via: Let Ideas Compete
Change.org|Start Petition
CrunchBase InformationHaloSourceInformation provided by CrunchBase
CrunchBase InformationQuenchInformation provided by CrunchBase
CrunchBase InformationClean Filtration TechnologyInformation provided by  
CrunchBase









///////////////////////////////////////////
Hands-On With The MIT Media Labs G-Speak Interface

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 12:06 PM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/SERogtO0-58/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email


This interface has been talked about extensively before here and elsewhere,  
but it bears another look. Its amazingly cool. Basically what youre seeing  
is a gestural interface powered by a pair of gloves. It supports multiple  
hands  multiple pairs of hands, that is, so you and your friends can freak  
out  and it is so smooth and intuitive that it borders on magic.

The two demos here, Grabby and Erf, show only a few of the basic gestures  
and with a little imagination you can see where this sort of thing is  
headed. I doubt well be waggling our hands in front of our laptops anytime  
soon (even though well be waggling our hands in front of the the PS3 and  
XBoxs Kinetic this Christmas) but the demo is so futuristic that its scary.

Video after the jump.









///////////////////////////////////////////
Groupon Hooks Up With InStyle On Beauty Deals

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 11:59 AM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/iuzXi0YOQm4/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email


Groupon takes one more step towards being a content company today and  
announces the launch of a series of beauty deals curated by InStyle  
editors. As an offshoot of the InStyle Beauty Black Book offering in the  
October InStyle issue, the magazine has curated a three day promotion  
offering half off or more discounts on each beauty related deal at six  
different salons and spas nationwide starting today.

Deals include such typical salon fare as Sunless Tanning session in Los  
Angeles and something called Brow Services in Boston and are presented on  
the Groupon site with the InStyle branding.

Again, this is notable because Groupon, which features some pretty  
interesting creative itself, is expanding its reach through media  
properties, having already partnering up with McClatchy and Media General  
and today InStyle on social shopping deals.

The future of media is in daily deals. I kid you not.


CrunchBase InformationGrouponInformation provided by CrunchBase









///////////////////////////////////////////
Just Four Dudes Jamming On The Subway - With Their iPhones As Instruments  
[Video]

Posted: 15 Oct 2010 11:46 AM PDT
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Techcrunch/~3/cOHzFwWfInQ/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email


A lot is said about the Apple marketing machine. Love them or hate them,  
theres no denying that their ads are effective. But someone just one-upped  
them - with their own products.

Apparently, the band Atomic Tom was just riding the New York subway  
yesterday and got a little bored. So all four members decided to whip out  
their iPhones and put on a little impromptu concert for everyone else on  
the train. The result is fairly amazing.

Alright, so clearly all of this was planned - Im not buying the band had  
their instruments stolen angle. The band had their iPhones hooked up to to  
some sort of speaker system - oh, and someone was clearly filming and got  
it up on YouTube awfully fast (under their official account). But still,  
the end result is what matters, and this is a brilliant. The video only has  
300 or so views right now, but I get the feeling its going to have a lot  
more shortly. And the band was smart to link to their song on iTunes from  
the YouTube page.

The band also posted an account from an apparent bystander who was on the  
train when they started rocking:

I saw Atomic Tom perform on the B train today at first i thought they were  
going to bomb the train, but then they started playing and i was like i  
love new york! liked them so much, i asked a stranger for the band name.   
Brittany Tucker

If I were Apple, I would buy this video and put it on television. Like,  
tomorrow.


CrunchBase InformationAppleiPhoneInformation provided by CrunchBase









--
You are subscribed to email updates from "TechCrunch."
To stop receiving these emails, you may unsubscribe now:  
http://feedburner.google.com/fb/a/mailunsubscribe?k=oFocVzRRgZzlCHJFUzcewRQ7zHU

Email delivery powered by Google.
Google Inc., 20 West Kinzie, Chicago IL USA 60610



----boundary-LibPST-iamunique-1397609903_-_---

